the university corporation of the cusco coast
presents the following program
one of the most important research lines of the faculty of
economic Sciences
of the university corporation of the coast
everything that has to do with the subject of leadership
And this is how, in spaces like the one approved by the government, we have had
political leaders to business leaders and social leaders with
which we have shared and analyzed different paradigms that there are
regarding the issue of leadership
but we can not leave behind a very important issue in which we all participate
sometime that is the sport
we have to retain as a guest perhaps the most emblematic person to the leader
most recognized in the sports aspect at a national level that is Carlos Alberto
the kid valderrama genius and figure
ace
welcome the business processes not long ago from there sharing
with us
overall experience and
of everything and everyone the meaning of a figure like yours
for our country
for me first with a lot of grace
thank you thank you for this invitation and I thought that that sum of experience
unforgettable
as a person
nelson
I am new to me
drinking water past possible mode include graceful but for this
reception
when picasso the past and present of Colombian soccer
of all we agree that you have been the best player of
Colombian soccer that has had throughout history
for you
and has been the best football player in Colombia throughout history
after this text out of competition
each
I had but I got a child when I started my sports career
bravo now what filled me
and that he learned a lot as a mouth player hugo alfredo arango daughter and the
vault
they are players that I when it appeals or this is watching how they played
more because it goes in the provision that almengor snuffbox
reviewed midfielder
then the sovereigns poured of prevention
has been a member of the forum
in the soccer stars
one looks at figures like pee
enke adam had a charisma
and a worldwide acceptance ilo
it's like an example for many young people
and then make a parallel with maradona
same
of equally successful of skillful also stop for football however
his personal life left a lot to be desired
and became more commonly leave average
here in colombia because he fears a positive example
that Carlos Alberto albiol spills
and there are other players who have given a negative example sultry show
as
shoot your pistol two platforms
and I want to tell you that the group may be able to maintain that image
positive and
and another becomes a negative image
to what happens that we are
but good too
and reacts or by something
I think that
the one that pulls the gun for some game thing that happened
but later
navaleno
I do not know yet we do not get involved
one pays people
people have to vote as a public duty
i the agent that public moment
you can not react
little we can do we are all a very large group after many things of
true love something that should not be approved under consumption
is an online survey or who is the best soccer player history
and no longer maradona
because the habit had to change
the question so I could give you a fight because I would have voted
not in an urban environment
I identified myself as the one that saw him hoop
must country andujo new goal as he directs and represents Colombia and
Maradona
Argentina
Matthew and many more
play more maradona that appeals
I remembered pld when the new cup of the king the world cup 70
thus
d & s has left out there but benítez and that more looked for maradona a bit what
invasive takes the form of game